gh-141004: Document `PyTraceBack*` APIs (#141192)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/exceptions.rst

.. versionadded:: 3.10
   :c:data:`PyExc_EncodingWarning`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
For consistency.

Tracebacks
==========

.. c:var:: PyTypeObject PyTraceBack_Type

   Type object for traceback objects. This is available as
   :class:`types.TracebackType` in the Python layer.

.. c:function:: int PyTraceBack_Check(PyObject *op)

>    Return true if *op* is a traceback object, false otherwise. This function
>    does not account for subtypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return true if *op* is a traceback object, false otherwise. This function
   does not account for subtypes. This is a macro.
```

This is technically a macro, not a function, I see for [Byte Array Objects we have a "Type Check Macros" section](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#type-check-macros), I think it would be good to note it some way here too (I think the subheadings would be better), WDYT?

Author: I agree, but we don't do this anywhere else. As far as I know, all `_Check` functions are documented as functions, but they're really macros. Do you strongly believe we should document it as such here?

Reviewer: Indeed, looking at more cases I see there is a mix of whether this is noted, other instances where it is include the [unicode checks](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Check) and [date/time checks](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/datetime.html#c.PyDate_Check), but the majority don't. With that, I don't feel strongly about documenting it here.

.. c:function:: int PyTraceBack_Here(PyFrameObject *f)

   Replace the :attr:`~BaseException.__traceback__` attribute on the current

>    exception with a new traceback pointing to *f*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Add the frame *f* to the :attr:`~BaseException.__traceback__` attribute on
   the current exception.
```

I think *replace* gives the wrong idea here, since we are extending it from my understanding.

Author: I'd say that it replaces it. All exceptions have the `__traceback__` attribute, but sometimes it's `NULL`/`None`. In all cases, we're overwriting that pointer. Saying we're "adding" the attribute seems wrong, because that would imply we're adding something new to an attribute dictionary.

Reviewer: I see, good point, though I still think *replace* is still misleading, since we create the new pointer from the old traceback, how about:

```suggestion
   Replace the :attr:`~BaseException.__traceback__` attribute on the current
   exception with a new traceback prepending *f* to the existing chain.
```

Author: Sure, that works.
